Interview assignment edits (#4)
hashicorp-interviews/education-assignments: styling-guide-snippet.md

# HashiCorp Engineering Writing Style

Whether it is a blog post or technical documentation, HashiCorp has a particular writing style we do our best to adhere to.

## Why?

A consistent writing style and voice strengthens the HashiCorp brand and 
produces clearer educational materials. Our style guide optimizes for:

> - **Non-native speakers** - Idiomatic language may not translate easily in different countries or regions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Non-native speakers** - Common figures of speech may not translate easily in different countries or regions.
```

-|-
|Once you give the developer the token they can...|Once you give the developer the token she can...|

### Oversimplification

Our products can be complex. Words that indicate that processes are easy

> don't can alienate users who are having a hard time or are encountering bugs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
can alienate users who are having a hard time or are encountering bugs.
```
